AI artificial intelligence is it just a
scam is it just a hoax is it overhyped
in this video I'm going to tell you
exactly what's going on that you're
generally not going to find out there
because well it doesn't fit the
narrative you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you you have to
do what you think is best you got to do
your own due diligence but I'm here to
just give you another layer and I hope
you appreciate that we are going to talk
about AI as it is today of course it's
got a long way to go to actually be AI
but this is something very important as
an investor of course AI will become
smarter and smarter as time goes on we
already know that it does better at many
many tasks it can do the bar exam it
could pass everything with flying colors
we know that there are more things that
are coming down the line we see this and
of course there are some big Winners as
a result of it I've talked about yes the
companies like Nvidia which we'll talk
about today but there's also what is
going to power this what is going to
cool this how are you going to take
advantage of it on a secondary level
it's important to know the secondary
level just as much as you know the first
look you can just put your money into
Nvidia and hope and pray that that's
going to continue but of course there
are other levels to it and you want to
have your money in what I call the
trifecta method of investing that is
available on the playlist section of my
YouTube channel it's called Trifecta
method method and you could apply that
to anywhere right now with AI look pay
attention to what I'm about to show you
today and I think it will be quite
revealing for for some you know we have
always been told and this is just one
example that things will always remain
status quo you see that all the time in
2020 everything was Topsy chury but you
didn't need to worry because everybody
was going to have a pelaton uh-oh it's
down 98%
Zoom which was more valuable than Exxon
Mobile in 2020 I mean it's ridiculous it
is down 89% and so on yeah you might say
to yourself well you know what that
company's not this company and that
company's not that company and yeah I
get it but I know because I watch all of
everything from retail traders to the
professional investors I look at the
Bank of America surveys I'm I'm paying
attention to every single level at at
this and during that time it wasn't like
that because it was it was actually you
know oh no no no everyone's going to
have a pelaton everyone's going to use
docu sign everyone's going to no things
do change things do change and when do
they change when you least expect it
this is the proportion of S&P 500
companies mentioning AI during quarterly
earnings calls and you will see right
here
41% all you need to know is that this
has been increasing dramatically over
the last little while now why are they
doing this well number one this is hyped
up in the media so we can see AI
everywhere and every company needs to do
something with AI right now or they are
not going to get the attention from
shareholders they're not going to get
new investors they're not going to get
funding if they're a private company
they're not going to get the Venture
Capital they're not going to get the
best loans AI is how you can proceed in
this new world that we live in even if
they have nothing to do with AI they got
to find a way to put that in okay
because that's just the way that things
are right now it's a little bit
ridiculous I understand that artificial
intelligence could do so much but things
that we have right now aren't really
artificial intelligence I'll tell you
something about I think it was at the
time Facebook I don't even think they
were meta at that time they ran this
experiment where they had these two AI
things talking to each other you may
remember this they were talking to each
other and then at some point during the
experiment they created their own
language between each other because I
guess they seemed that that would be
more efficient to communicate with the
two of them and as soon as they realized
the programmer realized that they
couldn't understand what was going on
between these two that they had lost
control it had become in a sense senthan
and it was able to do things without the
knowledge of the creator of it that is
artificial
intelligence that's artificial
intelligence not what they just label AI
on everything that that's not an AI
That's not AI what the
99.9% of the stuff that has AI label on
it is not AI at all anyway the the point
is we will get there we we're moving
towards there but it's way further out
than what we're being told I'm talking
about real AI all right artificial
intelligence Alibaba Sparks China AI
price war with Spate of steep discounts
buy do follow suit with free services
after Alibaba Cuts I talked about this
with the finance Friday
crew and now you're getting a little
piece of that anyway and what you can
see here is that the competition is
undoubtedly Fierce inside of China you
could see Alibaba slashing prices for a
clutch of artificial intelligence
Services by as much as
97% sparring an immediate response from
B in potentially the start of a price
war in China's na AI Market it's
different of course China uh comparing
that to like a company like Nvidia what
they have to deal with but you know
globally anywhere they got tech
companies they got to go to AI right
they're they're all being pushed into
that right now there's no question about
it and so you could see that you know
I'll show you this chart here
unbelievable to see the price reduction
announcements effective May
21st looking at it across the board
reductions all right significant
reductions in fact and then we have this
Nvidia Cuts China's prices in hwe chip
fight Nvidia slashed the prices of its
most advanced China chip okay different
scenario obviously China and the and
everywhere else because they want to
make sure that China doesn't get the
most advanced stuff but it's still
considered to be Advanced right it's
just not the most advanced price cut
underlines challenge in the China Market
amid us sanctions Huawei plans to
increase shipments of its chips in 2024
Beijing tells local firms to buy China
chines ships of course giving Huawei a
leg up so hey you want to follow in line
here you got to buy Huawei chips support
China they're going with nationalism of
course they need to do this and so
they're going to support their own
company that you know any country would
should be doing that regardless but you
can see here as a result of that this
company sells a lot of stuff right and
uh if suddenly they don't have as big a
buyer as they did before that will
impact them um but clearly not affecting
its stock price let me let me tell you
that it just goes straight up and will
continue to go straight up until it's $1
million a share I mean why not why not
um and you could see that more details
all as always links are in the
description under the sources the Web
2.0 monopolies started generating
Stellar profits growth in the 2010s look
at it comparing you W Tech to the world
big difference big difference there's no
question about that all of the funding
has been going toward all the investment
has been going towards the big tech
stocks it used to be the Fang stocks and
then you know Chang the Magnificent 7
you know it's all the big tech stocks
and very soon uh Nvidia will become the
biggest stock in the world there's no
question about that it just it it can
stop right it's a party it's
1999 the US has generated almost all the
growth in the world stock market profits
look at it just take a look it's all us
nothing's H Europe is
finished what's going to happen there
Latin America what's going on when we're
talking about where the most investable
companies are it's overwhelmingly when
you talk about I'm looking at this from
the professional investors standpoint
the most investable companies are US
tech stocks there's no question about
that are there other opportunities else
of course
absolutely um but for most people
they're just saying who cares forget it
I'm just going to invest in tech stocks
in the US and I'm going to do good so
that's really what's happening it's been
an
overabundance of Capital going that way
there's no question and then we have
this it's it's talking about Tim Cook
and Ai and so on but
really what the article was getting into
is the challenges that are experienced
here that don't really get enough air
time and what this is all about is the
fact that there is no regulation around
AI so remember this thing is shooting up
like crazy like when we talk about AI in
general stocks they're going straight to
the Moon there is like zero regulation
on AI nothing so the government's always
going to be way behind on that uh but if
they start to implement it this will
impact these companies overwhelmingly we
know this to be the case um I don't know
in what way they're going to bring in
any regulation but certainly they seem
like they want to they're just super
slow they don't understand it just like
they you know the the digital
currencies uh thing that they were
talking about many years ago they
started putting that in in you know
regulations and laws and things they
didn't even really know what they were
discussing uh and now here with AI
they're always going to be behind it's
always going to be U sort of esoteric in
the way that it's written it's vague
nobody really understands it the point
is regulations are always going to
impact the stock price NE well not
always but for the most part it would be
a negative impact at least initially at
least because there's a fear of like how
how is this going to really hurt us is
it going to you know what's it going to
do it could create less um in some cases
it could create less competition in some
C cases it could create more competition
um it could push things out to other
countries we don't know what's going to
happen I think that um the issues of AI
will come out in the next several months
here um so we got to keep an eye on it
but understand what's happening at the
highest level when we talk about the big
tech stocks we'll see how they proceed
of course one of the biggest
beneficiaries has been Microsoft all
along at this point but we need to know
we need to know these details if you
want to know more about this I talk
about it with my finance Friday crew
okay what we do there is we go through
on Zoom for two hours plus every Friday
and we'll look at the intricacies
whether it's AI this week maybe if the
FED has a meeting we look into the FED
meeting and we get into that detail so
that you can make better decisions about
your Investments so that you can make
better choices uh with your you know
your own personal circumstance so if
you're interested in that link at the
top of the description but before you go
why don't you click that button right
now the thumbs up because that does
support the channel it tells the
algorithm this guy's got some good stuff
to share and of course I'll see you
tomorrow take care